a)
To make it easier for myself too see which the most frequently used words were, i sorted the list of word_frequencies by the frequency value.
We have "Denmark" which is used 20 times, next is "The" with 7 usages.
The words "Norway" and "century" both occur 5 times, and then we have a lot of words sharing the frequency of 4.

Screenshot of terminal + code to sort the list of word_frequencies.

b)
To find out the number of nouns and verbs in the text, I looped through the words and checked the .pos_ field on every word.
This will return what type the word is, where "NOUN" for noun and "VERB" for verb. After this it's simply just adding them to their own list.
We can then see all the nouns and verbs as well as getting the total amount of each, which is 126 nouns and 53 verbs.
The following code represents what is described: *screenshot of code and terminal*

c)
The summarize function summarizes the input text based on a given ratio which in this case is 0.2.
This ratio determines the number of sentences of the original text to be chosen for the summary.
In the original text we have 26 sentences and with a ratio of 0.2 we end up with 4 sentences. With a ratio of 0.1 we only get 2 sentences.
The way it chooses the sentences is based on a variation of the TextRank algorithm.
*screenshots of terminal*
To get the 5 most frequent word I created a dictionary and added the words to it if they were not in the stopwords or were a symbol such as a parenthesis.
Then I sorted the dictionary based on the value (frequency) and printed the top 5.
The 5 most frequent words used with a ratio of 0.1 is as seen below: *screenshot*

d)
Numbers in the text, included in what sentences????
missing coding part
The numbers in the text include primarily dates and some land area measured in km2.
To find the information that best describes Denmark we could look at the numbers and then the words in that sentence.
If the sentence contains the word Denmark or DK we can say that it is more likely to better describe it.
The flaw with this is that if it doesn't contain Denmark or DK it would be deemed as not important.
